sdk/python/README.rst, before:

|Build Status|

DigitalOcean provider
=====================

The DigitalOcean resource provider for Pulumi lets you use DigitalOcean
resources in your cloud programs. To use this package, please `install
the Pulumi CLI first <https://pulumi.io/>`__.

Installing
----------

This package is available in many languages in the standard packaging
formats.

Node.js (Java/TypeScript)
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

To use from JavaScript or TypeScript in Node.js, install using either
``npm``:

::

   $ npm install @pulumi/digitalocean

or ``yarn``:

::

   $ yarn add @pulumi/digitalocean

Python
~~~~~~

To use from Python, install using ``pip``:

::

   $ pip install pulumi_digitalocean

Go
~~

To use from Go, use ``go get`` to grab the latest version of the library

::

   $ go get github.com/pulumi/pulumi-digitalocean/sdk/go/...

Concepts
--------

The ``@pulumi/digitalocean`` package provides a strongly-typed means to
create cloud applications that create and interact closely with
DigitalOcean resources. Resources are exposed for the entirety of
DigitalOcean resources and their properties, including (but not limited
to), ‘droplet’, ‘floatingIp’, ‘firewalls’, etc. Many convenience APIs
have also been added to make development easier and to help avoid common
mistakes, and to get stronger typing.

Reference
---------

For detailed reference documentation, please visit `the API
docs <https://pulumi.io/reference/pkg/nodejs/pulumi/digitalocean/>`__.

Updating this provider
----------------------

The DigitalOcean Resource Provider for Pulumi is based on the Terraform
Provider for DigitalOcean. Instructions for keeping it up to date are
available
`here <https://github.com/pulumi/pulumi-terraform/wiki/Updating-Pulumi-Providers-Backed-By-Terraform-Providers>`__.

.. |Build Status| image:: https://travis-ci.com/pulumi/pulumi-digitalocean.svg?token=eHg7Zp5zdDDJfTjY8ejq&branch=master
   :target: https://travis-ci.com/pulumi/pulumi-digitalocean

Commit message:

Document the provider configuration options

sdk/python/README.rst, after:

|Build Status|

DigitalOcean provider
=====================

The DigitalOcean resource provider for Pulumi lets you use DigitalOcean
resources in your cloud programs. To use this package, please `install
the Pulumi CLI first <https://pulumi.io/>`__.

Installing
----------

This package is available in many languages in the standard packaging
formats.

Node.js (Java/TypeScript)
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

To use from JavaScript or TypeScript in Node.js, install using either
``npm``:

::

   $ npm install @pulumi/digitalocean

or ``yarn``:

::

   $ yarn add @pulumi/digitalocean

Python
~~~~~~

To use from Python, install using ``pip``:

::

   $ pip install pulumi_digitalocean

Go
~~

To use from Go, use ``go get`` to grab the latest version of the library

::

   $ go get github.com/pulumi/pulumi-digitalocean/sdk/go/...

Configuration
-------------

The following configuration points are available:

-  ``digitalocean:token`` - (Required) This is the DO API token.
   Alternatively, this can also be specified using environment
   variables, ordered by precedence, ``DIGITALOCEAN_TOKEN`` or
   ``DIGITALOCEAN_ACCESS_TOKEN``.
-  ``digitalocean:spacesAccessId`` - (Optional) The access key ID used
   for Spaces API operations. May be set via the
   ``SPACES_ACCESS_KEY_ID`` environment variable.
-  ``digitalocean:spacesSecretId`` - (Optional) The access key ID used
   for Spaces API operations. May be set via the
   ``SPACES_SECRET_ACCESS_KEY`` environment variable.
-  ``digitalocean:apiEndpoint`` - (Optional) This can be used to
   override the base URL for DigitalOcean API requests. May be set via
   the ``DIGITALOCEAN_API_URL`` environment variable. Default is
   ``https://api.digitalocean.com``.

Concepts
--------

The ``@pulumi/digitalocean`` package provides a strongly-typed means to
create cloud applications that create and interact closely with
DigitalOcean resources. Resources are exposed for the entirety of
DigitalOcean resources and their properties, including (but not limited
to), ‘droplet’, ‘floatingIp’, ‘firewalls’, etc. Many convenience APIs
have also been added to make development easier and to help avoid common
mistakes, and to get stronger typing.

Reference
---------

For detailed reference documentation, please visit `the API
docs <https://pulumi.io/reference/pkg/nodejs/pulumi/digitalocean/>`__.

Updating this provider
----------------------

The DigitalOcean Resource Provider for Pulumi is based on the Terraform
Provider for DigitalOcean. Instructions for keeping it up to date are
available
`here <https://github.com/pulumi/pulumi-terraform/wiki/Updating-Pulumi-Providers-Backed-By-Terraform-Providers>`__.

.. |Build Status| image:: https://travis-ci.com/pulumi/pulumi-digitalocean.svg?token=eHg7Zp5zdDDJfTjY8ejq&branch=master
   :target: https://travis-ci.com/pulumi/pulumi-digitalocean
